What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
  
  New file(s) are created to store data about files in that repository. A hidden folder named .git is added which contains the required files for version history.
  You need to initialise  a repository to enable git to formally start tracking your files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
  
  The directory is a location inside your computer where files are stored and arranged whereas the repository is a site where these files can be managed.The staging area is a temporary location where files from a directory are held before being commited inside the repository.
  The staging area allows you to choose the files you want to commit before saving them into the repository as one commit.This gives you more control of your files. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

  You can use the staging area to pick out the changes that you want to commit and leave out those that do not neccesarily reflect 
  a logical change. You can do this by comparing the staged files and those of the working  directory and the most recent commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

  When you have multiple versions of a file that you want to keep. 
  When you want to demonstrate something frome your file.
  When trying something new in your file.

  Branches would help by keeping you from having too many commits that you would want to refer back. This also helps by keeping your working directory clean with few files or versions.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
  
 The diagrams help me to know the number of branches and the origin of each branch for example the commit from which a branch was formed. From the diagram, I can also track the history of commits for each branch.
 I can also see the size of the diagram which will suggest the number of changes being performed on a repository.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
  
  Merging two branches results in combining previous changes that were made in those branches into one single branch preffered by the user. The commits will be arranged according to the time they were created.
  Branches are represented in a diagram to make it easier to track commits and to give a visual representation of the branches which is easier to comprehend. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
  
  pros
  Saves time used to compare files.
  git retains the history of changes made in different versions.
  users can easily interact.

  cons
  git cannot decipher between codes.